Young man and young woman,
do give your heart to me.
My foe who now taunts me
will then be made to see.
Your youth and devotion
to me you freely give;
You show all the world
that for me you really live.
Beloved son
and precious daughter,
Be wise
and make my heart rejoice.
That out of your own heart
you serve me,
And furnish praise
by your own choice.
Rejoice and take pleasure
in giving me your all,
And though you may stumble,
I’ll raise you if you fall.
No matter who fails you
or proves to be untrue,
Take comfort in knowing
I’ll always cherish you.
Beloved son
and precious daughter,
Be wise
and make my heart rejoice.
That out of your own heart
you serve me,
And furnish praise
by your own choice.